Vitals?
Twenty-three at 50 bpm.
Final incision.
That's it.
Both twins are stable.
Congratulations, Dr. Farrow.
Congratulations.
Thanks.
Pleasure to watch you.
You really pulled that back.
- No, it was a team effort, really.
No, it's your name in lights.
- Enjoy it.
- Thanks, mate.
Hello, handsome.
- Well done, darling.
I'm starving.
Could have got a taxi.
You wouldn't have got a kiss
from the driver.
- You're not gonna get one now.
Jay's coming up tomorrow too.
Hmm.
We might get a bit more out of him
about his latest.
Sally said that she's someone older
but didn't... didn't say anything else.
You know what Jay is like.
What happened to the last one?
Portia? She's long gone.
For God's sake,
what do you two talk about?
Don't suppose there's anywhere
we could stop for a drink?
- No!
- Please!
No.
- We have to get up to my dad's.
Okay.
This weekend's about celebrating you,
whether you like it or not.
Getting out to the countryside
will do us all some good.
Think Edward'll have
a bottle open?
I doubt it.
He'll probably be asleep.
You should try
to have a lie-in tomorrow.
You've had an enormous few weeks.
Morning, Jay.
Morning, Gramps.
Still driving that old banger?
You saying I can have one
of those beauties you keep in the garage?
No! Not if you're gonna
look after them like that.
Well, you look shattered.
- Morning, Mum.
What she means is, you look like shit.
Thank you, Sally.
So, did you get any sleep at all
last night?
I'm ignoring you.
- Coffee on?
Not enough for you.
Not enough? Wow.
I'm not accepting any of this.
I need more details.
When are we gonna meet her?
There's no way
I'm exposing her to you lot.
- I actually like her.
- Oh, you like her!
Yes, I do. Bloody hell.
- Then tell me her name.
- No!
He's still pissed off
we scared the last one away.
Turn this up. I want to hear it.
...operation was an unreserved success.
Surgeon William Farrow expects the twins
to go on and live long and full lives.
- Our reporter...
There he is!
Yes, all right. Yes.
- Morning.
Oh, turn that off.
Eggs for the man of the hour.
- No, thank you, Edward.
The junior doctor group chat's
on fire.
Thrilled for you.
There you go.
- Hey!
My wonderful, talented man.
- Morning, love.
Wednesday's party will be,
uh, a good chance
to bring you into the House of Commons
to discuss the advisory position.
Don't remember agreeing to this, Edward.
You should both come
to the press launch.
Health tsar. It suits you.
I'm gonna be in chambers.
I'll join you as soon as I can escape.
- Sounds like I don't have much choice.
- Reap the rewards of your successes.
A?
A... A... A... A... A... Amy?
No.
Anna?
Shut up.
Anna Barton!
- What?
- Anna Barton. Jay's girlfriend.
Anna Barton! Oh, I knew you'd break!
You didn't stand a chance
against our own fucking Sherlock Holmes!
- She wore me down.
Thought you were made of sterner stuff.
You can talk! As if you wanna go
to a drinks party in Parliament.
He wore me down.
- Health tsar? That's very nice.
- Yeah, hugely influential.
- Mm-hmm. You'll be PM by next year.
- It doesn't quite work like that.
That would be handy. You could fast track
my funding for the stem cell trials.
That'll be my priority when I take power.
- I should hope so.
Thanks to Edward
for hosting us tonight,
and a special thank you
to the clinicians here
who are going to lead
our new approach on urgent care.
Please make full use
of the well-stocked bars.
- Thank you so much for coming, Mel.
It's really appreciated.
What do you make of it? I...
Hey, William. Uh...
- Sorry?
What do you make of it?
- Uh, excuse me, one moment.
Of course.
Sir.
Thank you.
Hello.
I'm Anna. I'm Anna Barton.
I'm William Farrow.
You're Jay's father.
That's right.
He's really proud of you.
Well...
...he's been pretty secretive about you.
- Think he's worried about introducing us.
- Oh. Should he be?
I've been hoping we'd meet
since he told me who you were.
Oh?
The operation.
To separate the twins.
What an incredible achievement.
How strange.
Is that for me?
- I'm going to go now.
That's what I said to her.
I was like...
You were supposed to wait until I arrived
before you lost control of your senses.
- How much have you had to drink?
- No, I'm... I'm fine.
I've had the day from hell,
so I'm not fussed about staying
if you're not.
I know
how much you hate these things.
I'm fine.
Just had one drink too many.
All right.
Hello.
Where to?
Queen's Park, please.
Apparently, Jay's new girlfriend
was supposed to be there tonight.
You didn't happen
to bump into her, did you?
Wouldn't know what she looked like.
Jay. Jay.
Will?
Come to bed.
I wasn't sure if I should wake you.
I can categorically say
that you can always,
always wake me for that.
Okay, look.
- Mm-hmm?
We've been seeing each other
for a few months now.
Mm-hmm?
And...
I'm afraid I've come
to this really difficult conclusion
that...
I think it's time you meet my family.
You bastard!
This weekend?
- If you think it's too soon--
- No.
I'd like to.
We should make it a lunch thing
'cause Grandad,
he does a really good Sunday roast.
Jay, it's me.
Uh...
Just call me back, okay?
Hello.
Hello. Who is this?
It's me.
I'm coming to lunch next Sunday.
I wanted you to know.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
Anna,
it's so nice to meet you at last.
Don't be too intense, Mum.
Don't be silly, Jay.
We went with the lamb.
I did ask Jay if you ate meat,
but he never replies to my texts.
Thanks.
I love lamb.
Oh, good. Where's my husband?
Too rude to come and say hello.
Why are you lurking up there? Come say hi.
He's had a very busy week.
Um, Anna, this is William.
Hello, William.
Hello, Anna.
Make sure she gets a drink.
Jay, come with me.
You can help lay the table.
You okay?
Yeah, fine.
Hope Gramps hasn't burned it.
Don't be ridiculous.
What would you like to drink?
Hmm. What would you like me to drink?
Dad?
- You must be Anna. I'm Sally.
Hi.
Come on, I'll show you around.
Lovely house.
- Anna, will you have some more wine?
- Yes. And the food was delicious, Ingrid.
Well, you've Dad to thank
for that. I just peel the potatoes.
With great precision!
A surgeon and a barrister's
a recipe for late night takeaways
and not much else, I'm afraid.
You work at the Foreign Office?
Mm. Yes. Ben Collier's team.
Oh, Ben. Bit of a reputation, I think.
Oh. I know. Don't worry.
Nothing I can't handle.
- So, Anna, where did you study?
I did politics at Leeds.
Did you join the Civil Service
straight away?
Mum! We can print you off her CV
if you like?
- Sorry, Anna.
- Don't be.
I hear we were at the same party
last week. What did you make of it?
Oh. If I'm honest, I tend to try
and avoid those kind of work events.
But in the end, I was glad I went.
Oh, yes, Edward, it was a lovely party.
Thank you for inviting me along.
Thank you.
- Well, I'm sorry I missed you.
- You finished?
Mm.
Anyway, um, much more thrillingly,
Jay tells me
that you're planning a trip to Paris.
Mm-hmm.
- Yes. A long weekend.
Oh wow.
- It's one of my favorite cities.
So romantic.
Where shall I put these?
- Just here, thanks.
Bye.
Bye, Anna.
- There we go.
Hmm.
She actually seemed quite nice.
- I thought she was charming.
Yes. Very in control.
She's so much older than him.
That's not unusual.
She gives me, I don't know,
this strange feeling.
Don't worry. I doubt it'll last.
They never do with him, do they?
Did you see how he was with her though?
Maybe it's just sex.
What are you looking like that for?
Of course they're shagging.
God, Will, you can't be that shocked.
Jay's had more women than--
Than me.
I should hope so.
And aren't I the lucky one
that you stopped with me?
- Good night.
- Night, love.
- What a weekend.
Yeah.
Can you put the kettle on?
- Mm-hmm.
Paging Dr Gordon.
Dr Gordon, please report to reception.
You gonna get that?
Hello?
It's me.
4:30.
Send me your address.
Stable.
Checking your name's
still in the headlines?
Is everything okay?
Yeah, just family stuff.
Right.
Yes.
♪ Hello, stranger... ♪
♪ It seems so good to see you back again ♪
♪ How long has it been? ♪
♪ It seems like a mighty long time ♪
♪ Shoo-bop, shoo-bop, my baby, ooh ♪
♪ Oh-ooh-oh, I-- ♪
Hey.
- Sorry I kept you.
It's all right.
Tough day?
Awful.
So?
I presume this isn't just
because you're desperate
for a drink with your old man.
I'm all ears.
Mum's not keen on Anna, is she?
Why do you say that?
Well,
we're all so close,
and Anna's family isn't.
I think she doesn't feel comfortable
with us yet.
Ah.
Maybe... she's just worried
that you're rushing into things.
I'm sure Mum likes Anna.
Do you?
Doesn't really matter
what either of us think.
Are you happy?
Yes. I am.
I feel this overwhelming need
to be with her...
...all the time.
Honestly, that is
the most important thing.
I'd love
for you to get to know each other.
♪ From the cradle bars
Comes a beckoning voice ♪
♪ It sends you spinning ♪
♪ You have no choice ♪
♪ You hear laughter
Cracking through the walls ♪
♪ They send you spinning ♪
♪ You have no choice ♪
♪ You hear laughter
Cracking through the walls ♪
♪ It sends you spinning
You have no choice ♪